docs(table): add story and mdx for selection and actions (#3288)
carbon-design-system/carbon-addons-iot-react: packages/react/src/components/Table/mdx/SelectionAndBatchActions.mdx

      // The actionId is the string id of the action being triggered,
      // and and the rowIds is an array with the ids if the rows the
      // action was performed on.
      onApplyBatchAction: (actionId, rowIds) => {
        // Implement your actions here
      },
    },
  }}
  options={{ hasRowSelection: 'multi' }}
  view={{
    table: {
      toolbar: {
        batchActions: [
          {
            // Adding an action with id 'delete' will tell the StatefulTable to
            // delete all the selected rows when the action is called.
            id: 'delete',
            labelText: 'Delete',
            renderIcon: TrashCan16,
            iconDescription: 'Delete Item',
          },
          {
            id: 'createActivity',
            labelText: 'Create activity',
            renderIcon: Activity16,
            iconDescription: 'Create activity from item',
          },
          {
            id: 'process',
            labelText: 'Process',
          },
        ],
      },
    },
  }}
/>
```

### Programmatic selection and batch actions

For the normal `Table` the callbacks and states of the selections and batch actions must be managed

> programatically, inlcuding the Cancel and Delete callbacks. You can set which rows are currently selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
programmatically, including the Cancel and Delete callbacks. You can set which rows are currently selected
```

Author: Thanks, fixed
